hey everyone welcome to Steven universe
universe the show are we talked about
the universe of Steven universe I'm your
host Victor frost and today is the final
day of Steven bomb week which means it's
time for us to look at today's episode
and see what we learned if you haven't
seen the episode full disclosure yet now
is your chance to pause this video go
watch that one then come back don't
worry we'll wait this is your spoiler
alert so new episode new lure let's see
what we learned this episode is just
what we needed after yesterday pretty
low-key all things considered but still
good an excellent day new ma to this
park so what happened well Steven had a
reality check in stories about heroes
cartoons in particular we as an audience
have been conditioned that the good guy
will win I mean outside of stories like
the Watchmen and they're like it's not
even a question the bad guy loses the
good guy wins everything goes back to
normal status quo is God and in Beach
City the status quo has been more or
less maintained in the past when Steven
and the gems would go on missions they
would come back winners every time this
time though no matter what amethyst says
they did not win they survived and only
just through pretty much luck alone this
was close Stephen knows this so his
reality check wasn't so much about him
as it was about others the people in his
life that he cares about this life of
danger is pretty much the norm for
Steven and you know what he is not short
on bravery he really wanted to tell
Connie about this fantastic adventure
he'd just been on and he was really
excited about it until he saw his dad's
reaction to
I'm 25 years old but I have a
nine-year-old brother if he came home
one day and told me that he was in even
a 50th of the danger that Stephen was in
I would probably have a panic attack a
lot like Greg's I don't think this needs
to be said but if you love someone and
you learned that they're in danger that
scares the crap out of you and if you're
the one in danger you hate seeing your
friends and your family worried and
scared about you especially if you're
not worried or scared about you so you
shelter them keep them calm protect them
from the reality of the situation sound
familiar everyone was trying to shelter
the ones they love from reality but
unless you keep the light of the truth
you'll always be in the dark wheel of
morality turn turn turn this episode is
the lessons learned in political power
truly coming to fruition this time
Stephen isn't an outside observer this
isn't Beach City this is his personal
crisis to him his only options are to
either tell Connie and see her worried
which he doesn't want or not tell her
except he can't not tell her because he
kinda already did he is in the same
position mayor Dewey in the crystal gems
were with only half of the options so he
opts to cut ties with not just Connie
but with the entirety of humanity
because the only way to keep them from
worrying is to suddenly stop talking to
them forever but after being a major
drama llama Stephen does finally come
clean to Connie she is worried about him
but she's more concerned about being
there to support him you know for
someone who's never had a friend before
she's pretty damn good at it with that
the status is once again quo this is
shown by all of the shops in town
suddenly and on the very same day
getting fixed so with that business is
back to business as usual
we end with Stephen Connie and Greg
driving off and scene and that's what we
learned today on Steven universe
universe join us next week when we go
back to our original format complete
with news and reviews when we talk about
open book I'm Victor frost and I'll see
you next time on Steven universe
universe